Proofread developer chapter (#2590)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-23.10/developer/developer-widget.md

### Code

> All languages are separated in different files, one file for each language. The file "configs.xml" calls the php file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All languages are separated in different files, one file for each language. The file "configs.xml" calls the PHP file
```

> and the php file calls the html file, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the PHP file calls the HTML file, etc.
```

> We use Smarty, which is a template engine and php compiler (http://smarty.net).

Reviewer: ?

> We use Smarty, which is a template engine and php compiler (http://smarty.net).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use Smarty, which is a template engine for PHP (http://smarty.net).
```

$template = initSmartyTplForPopup($path, $template, "./", $centreon_path);
```

> 2.creating a php template to be use in html:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.creating a PHP template to be use in HTML:
```

$template->display('dummy.ihtml');
```

> This line asks php to call the **dummy.ihtml** smarty template to display the results:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This line asks PHP to call the **dummy.ihtml** smarty template to display the results:
```

```PHP
$template->display('dummy.ihtml');
```

To query the databases (**centreon** for the configuration and **centstorage** for the real time data),

> you must initialize the php object as described below (using **pearDB**):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you must initialize the PHP object as described below (using **pearDB**):
```
